Document 'dart pub add' support for adding dependency overrides (#4726)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/pub/cmd/pub-add.md

If `dart pub add <package>:<constraint>` is an existing dependency,
it will update the constraint.

## Adding Dependency Overrides

> Starting in Dart 3, `dart pub add` supports adding dependency overrides in a similar fashion to dev dependencies. To add a dependency override, use the following syntax:
> `dart pub add override:<package>:<version>`

Reviewer: This is pretty good. I think we can drop the first sentence though, since I don't think users are familiar with the new way to add dev dependency yet anyway. 

Then we want to link to the dependency override documentation, so they can learn the specific details and potential concerns with them. That way we don't have to repeat too much here. The dev dependency section does the same thing.

Also we need to be careful as users don't necessarily need to specify a version, they could specify any of the [source descriptors](https://dart.dev/tools/pub/cmd/pub-add#source-descriptor). How about something like this:

```suggestion
To specify a [dependency override][], add the `override:` prefix and
specify any [source descriptor](#source-descriptor).

[dependency override]: /tools/pub/dependencies#dependency-overrides
```

> For example, to add an override for the `foo` package version `1.0.0`, run the following command:

Reviewer: Good example. A few things here:

- We break up lines >= 80 chars long up with something called [semantic line breaks](https://github.com/dart-lang/site-shared/blob/main/doc/writing-for-dart-and-flutter-websites.md#semantic-line-breaks)
- Consider making "For example" bold, since the example might be enough for some readers.
- I think "add an override for x package version" might be a bit confusing, as a dependency override doesn't override the specified package version, it specifies that version as the override.

How does this sound?

```suggestion
**For example**, to override all references to `package:foo`
to use version `1.0.0` of the package,
run the following command:
```

> ```

Reviewer: When adding code blocks, we try to add a language or type, in this case `terminal` to allow either syntax highlighting or special styles. For example, on dart.dev, terminal code blocks are given a black background.

````suggestion
```terminal
````

> dart pub add override:foo:1.0.0

Reviewer: On dart.dev, we add a $ before a command to make it more clear that it is a command:

```suggestion
$ dart pub add override:foo:1.0.0
```

```

> This will add an override to your `pubspec.yaml` file:

Reviewer: On dart.dev, we try to use [present tense](https://developers.google.com/style/tense).

```suggestion
This adds the override to your `pubspec.yaml` file:
```

> ```

Reviewer: Adding the `yaml` specifier to the code block enables syntax highlighting.

````suggestion
```yaml
````

dependency_overrides:

> foo: 1.0.0

Reviewer: In YAML the indentation is important here:

```suggestion
  foo: 1.0.0
```

## Source descriptor

{{site.alert.version-note}}

>   YAML-formatted descriptor syntax was added in Dart 2.19.

Reviewer 2: I believe these spaces are intended, please revert.

[Global options](/tools/pub/cmd#global-options).

{{site.alert.note}}

>   The previous `pub add` syntax for options

Reviewer 2: Likewise

Reviewer 2: That's up to @parlough =)

To prevent precompilation, use `--no-precompile`.

{{site.alert.info}}

>   *Problems?*

Reviewer 2: And again

Author: > And again

Other than these indentations is everything okay?
